[PAGE (RECAP)]
You're getting soft.
And The Board will see you at 8PM to discuss
the consequences of your behavior.
[BRYCE (RECAP)]
The Board wants to see me tonight, Bobby.
And this time, they mean business.
[TAMMY (RECAP)]
It's a Double Diva Diversion, my dear!
[BRYCE (RECAP)]
I'm not gonna rope another person
back into that world of crime.
[BOBBY (RECAP)]
What if there was a way where you didn't
have to get another person involved?
[GLORIA (RECAP)]
I was wrong about you!
You was using him for murder!
[BRYCE (RECAP)]
Donovan, we now have a new objective.
Eliminate all obstacles
that get in the way.
[BRYCE]
...and that's about
two-thirds of my backstory.
[RECEPTIONIST]
...riveting.
If you're finished, The Board will see you now.
[BRYCE]
Alright.
Well boys, this is it.
[BOBBY]
If anything happens to you in there...
[BRYCE]
Nothing is going to happen in there, Bobby.
[KISSES + WINKS]
[RECEPTIONIST]
If you're quite done,
they're not having a picnic.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[BRYCE]
What's your name, dear?
[RECEPTIONIST]
Florence.
[BRYCE]
Oh.
Oh. It would be.
[BOBBY]
What?!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[BOARD MEMBER]
Bryce Tankthrust.
Do you know why we've summoned you here today?
[BRYCE]
No, but I got a good fucking hunch
you're about to tell me.
[BOARD MEMBER]
Ever since you married that piece of shit,
a heart has been growing in your chest.
[BRYCE]
I thought you'd be happy for me.
I no longer have to seek out constant donors.
[BOARD MEMBER]
I can give two shits about your health!
You're no longer the heartless bitch
we fell in love with thirty years ago.
[SERENA LITELL]
Move my six o'clock to seven, and my seven to three.
[BOBBY]
But what do I tell your three o'clock?
[SERENA]
Tell them they're shit out of luck.
[BRYCE]
Well, you are shit out of olives,
I could tell you that much.
[SERENA]
The hell's the new girl doing at my house?
[BRYCE]
Gettin' toasted and staying hungry, apparently.
[SERENA]
You're humping up my husband, aren't ya, hussy?!
[BRYCE]
No, I have standards.
Although with an uggo muggo like his,
I'm sure he must have a plump penile, huh?
[SERENA]
I knew you'd never had a future at this company.
[SERENA, HOLDING GUN]
[BOBBY]
Serena, wait. L– Let's talk this out.
[SERENA]
There's nothing to talk about.
Some people just weren't meant to live.
[GUN FAILS TO FIRE]
[BOBBY]
You know, it really was a mistake hiring both of us.
[BRYCE]
You know, Serena, I think it's time
your company found itself
a capable CEO.
[SERENA]
You're looking at her, bitch.
[BRYCE]
No, I'm looking at a coward
who needs her hubby
to be the face of her brand.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
And his face will be a lot more malleable
if he doesn't have you to fall back on.
Don't you see, Serena?
Removing you from the equation
will be my checkmate move, dear.
[SERENA]
You'll never get away with killing me.
[BRYCE]
Who said I was killing you?
[DONOVAN EMERGES]
[SERENA]
WAIT! I HAVE MONEY!
[SERENA'S HEAD POPS OFF]
[FITCHELL SCREAMS]
[FITCHELL]
—MY GOD!
[FITCHELL HYPERVENTILATES]
[BRYCE]
Shut up, stupid!
[BRYCE, TOSSING CHOCOLATES]
[FITCHELL]
HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO REACT?!
YOU
YOU KILLED
YOU KILLED MY
YOU KILLED MY FUCKING
YOU KILLED MY FUCKING WIFE
YOU KILLED MY FUCKING WIFE, WOMAN!
[BRYCE]
Ding, ding, ding!
And if you don't wanna join the bitch...
...then you'll do exactly as I say.
[FITCHELL]
"Dear fellow subordinates,
I've had it up to here
with my piece of shit wife.
And if you're watching this now,
it means I murdered the bitch.
Before I flee the country,
I leave everything in control of
Bryce
Bryce Tankthrust.
Congratulations!
You now work for a hot genius."
All right, I— I did what you asked.
You promised you'd let me live!
I have candy!
[DELORIO]
SHIT!
[BLOOD DRIVE WORKER]
Sir, your blood—!
[DELORIO]
Sir, they were all out of lube;
I hope you're okay with lard!
[FITCHELL]
HELP!
[DELORIO]
Sir, what is happening?
[BRYCE]
What's happening is your boss
ALMOST made it out alive,
but decided to call for help, didn't he?
[BRYCE SNAPS FINGERS]
[DONOVAN SLAMS DOOR]
It really is a shame, Fitchell.
I almost DIDN'T kill you.
[FITCHELL]
If you kill me, I swear to God,
I'll go to the police!
[GUNSHOT]
[DELORIO SCREAMS]
[BRYCE]
God damn it!
[BRYCE, SLAPS VHS MONITOR]
Fuckin' VHS era sucks.
[SLAPS VHS MONITOR AGAIN]
Well, you heard what he said.
You all work for me now!
[BOBBY]
Yeah, this is where you
clap, you pesants.
There we go.
[BRYCE]
Thank you, Bobby.
He's been promoted to my #2,
and Delorio has been
demoted to my old position.
Everyone say "Fuck you, Delorio!"
[OFFICE STAFF (IN UNISON)]
Fuck you, Delorio.
[DELORIO]
okay.
[BRYCE]
There's gonna be some big changes around here, people.
It's the dawn of a new era.
First order of business: we're
changing the name of this fuckin' company.
"Callco" sounds like what?
[BRYCE + OFFICE STAFF (IN UNISON)]
Shit.
[BRYCE]
That's right.
[BOBBY]
You should put your face on the product.
[BRYCE]
Hey, that is a great idea that I just had!
We're gonna be using my image
for the face of the company!
ME!
ME! (x2)
ME! (x3)
[VOICEOVER]
A new brand of cellular phone has hit the market,
featuring the face of a sexy young drag queen.
But who IS this woman?
[JANICE]
These fuckers are flying off the shelves!
I wish I had a face like yours, Ms. Bryce.
[BRYCE]
I know, then you wouldn't need these.
[BRYCE, GESTURES AT JANICE'S CHEST]
[JANICE]
I know!
[BRYCE]
I think I deserve a raise.
I think it's time I had a bigger office.
BINGO!
That's the ticket.
Market value projection.
Business.
MY PRECIOUS DATA!!!
Buy it.
Print it.
Fuck it.
Move my three o'clock to seven and my seven to
NOW!!!
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
[TAMMY (OFF-SCREEN)]
Oh, I'm so proud of you, Brycey!
[TAMMY]
You're finally doing the
Double Diva Diversion!
[BRYCE]
No, what I'm using is a...
...is a robot.
[TAMMY]
(:O) You're fucking the robot?
[BRYCE]
(._.) What? N– no.
[TAMMY]
Oh, it's fuckin' you.
[BRYCE]
(-_-) No one's fucking no one.
[TAMMY]
Not with THAT attitude.
[BRYCE]
OK, I didn't come here to
talk about my sex life,
I came here to BRAG.
[TAMMY (OFF-SCREEN)]
Well, not with THAT outfit.
[TAMMY]
[BRYCE (OFF-SCREEN)]
You know, you once scoffed
at the idea of me becoming a boss,
[BRYCE]
You know, you once scoffed
at the idea of me becoming a boss,
and now look where I am, and...
look where you are, woman.
[TAMMY LAUGHS]
[TAMMY]
You think success is permanent?
[VOICE ON TV]
Two...
One...
[VOICE ON TV]
Happy new year, everybody!
[TAMMY (V.O.)]
Nothing is permanent.
You don't even know how to run a business!
[TAMMY (OFF-SCREEN)]
And I know that little delicate heart of yours
is just gonna buckle under all that stress of trying to.
[TAMMY]
And I know that little delicate heart of yours
is just gonna buckle under all that stress of trying to.
[TAMMY (V.O.)]
And I know that little delicate heart of yours
is just gonna buckle under all that stress of trying to.
[CINDY (ON TV)]
Are you ready for the future?
A new sleek phone has arrived,
[CINDY (ON TV)]
so you can throw your other
pieces of shit right in the trash.
[BRYCE'S HEART BUCKLES]
[BRYCE]
Enjoy the rest of your time in here, mother.
[TAMMY]
You think I'm enjoying this?!
I HAVE TO USE CHEETO DUST FOR MAKEUP!
[BRYCE (OFF-SCREEN)]
Well, it looks like shit!
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
[TAMMY]
THIS WAS MY DINNER, BITCH!
[BOBBY (V.O.)]
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
Bryce, Bryce!
[BOBBY]
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
We need you in this decade, dear!
[BRYCE GROANS]
[DONOVAN]
She appears to be having a cardiac arrest.
[BRYCE]
NO SHIT!
[BOBBY]
OK, look, Donovan and I are gonna go out
and we're gonna find you a new heart, OK?
[UNNAMED CHILD WHIMPERS]
[DONOVAN]
Good evening, small boy.
Would you like to come back here
and help me fix my toilet?
[BOBBY PULLS OUT SWITCHBLADE]
[UNNAMED CHILD]
A toilet?
You're CLEARLY a robot.
[BOBBY]
God damn you, I told you I
should've been the diversion!
[UNNAMED CHILD]
No...
That wouldn't have worked either.
[BOBBY]
Why not? You could clearly tell he was a robot.
[UNNAMED CHILD]
Yeah, but I could tell you're a pervert.
[BOBBY]
Eh, touché.
[BOBBY SPITS AT CHILD]
[CHILD FLINCHES, WHIMPERS, RUNS AWAY]
[BOBBY GIGGLES MEANANCINGLY]
[BOBBY]
Go home, Donovan.
This disguise clearly isn't doing shit.
[DONOVAN]
But where are you going?
[BOBBY]
To find a heart.
[DELORIO]
Here's to the 90s being the best
goddamn decade of our lives!
[CHEERING]
[SOMEONE KNOCKING ON DOOR]
BELOW IGNORED. REDUNDANT SUBTITLE
![DELORIO OPENS DOOR]
[DELORIO]
Well, well, well, if it isn't
my boss's piece of shit–
[DELORIO]
( - O _ O - )
[BOBBY]
Penis.
[DELORIO]
Yep. You found it.
[BOBBY]
What I'm having trouble finding...
...is your bedroom.
[DELORIO]
MOVE, WE'RE FUCKING!
I never thought that you and I would ever–
[DELORIO GETS STABBED]
[DELORIO GETS STABBED + MOANS]
[BOBBY]
Die.
[DELORIO MOANS SOME MORE]
[PARTYGOER #1]
OH MY GOD!
WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO TO DELORIO?!
[BOBBY]
I gave that little slut what he needed.
[PARTYGOER #2]
No, what he needed was to
[TAMMY (V.O.)]
stay away from
stay away from boys
[TAMMY (FLASHBACK)]
stay away from boys like
stay away from boys like you!
[PARTYGOER #3]
Leaving a hookup with a man's heart?
You're just a common top.
[BOBBY]
NO
NO, I'M
[BOBBY]
NO, I'M NOT!
[PARTYGOERS BEGIN CHANTING "DIE!"]
[PARTYGOER #1]
And this is why you don't
mix friends with coworkers!
[BOBBY]
NO!
[PARTYGOERS CONTINUE CHANTING "DIE!"]
[BOBBY]
SHUT
SHUT UP!
[BOBBY]
SHUT UP!!
SHUT UP!!!
[BOBBY TEARS OUT HAIR]
[PARTYGOERS GASP]
[BOBBY TEARS OUT HAIR x2]
[PARTYGOERS GASP x2]
[BOBBY UNDERGOES VILLAIN TRANSFORMATION]
[PARTYGOER #4]
Ew, what is he doing?
[BOBBY CONTINUES VILLAIN TRANSFORMATION]
[PARTYGOER #5]
Everyone get back! He's weird!
[CHAOS ENSUES]
[BRYCE]
We'll have you looking
like one of us in no time!
[DONOVAN]
May I ask about that man in the photograph?
[BRYCE]
He was a friend of mine.
Now close your eyes.
[BRYCE, SPRAYING PAINT]
[DONOVAN]
And where is he now?
[BRYCE]
He's dead.
[DONOVAN]
I detect you are going someplace dark.
[BRYCE]
It was tragic, yes,
but if it didn't happen,
I wouldn't be where I am now,
and you would not exist.
[DONOVAN]
So his sacrifice meant...
our salvation?
[BRYCE]
If you say so.
[SEVERAL THUMPS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[BRYCE]
Hi, who's there?
[BOBBY REVEALS HIMSELF]
[BRYCE]
Holy shit, Bobby, what have you done?
[BOBBY]
What was necessary.
[BRYCE]
Where did you get that?
[BOBBY]
Let's just say you're gonna need a new receptionist.
[BRYCE]
Yeah, well then, when this one runs out, then what?
[BOBBY]
Then we fuck that troll
when we cross that bridge.
[KICKS OPEN COOLER]
But I don't think that'll be for a long time.
[BRYCE]
Wow! Another crystal clear
phone call for the books.
My phones might not be the
flashiest or tiniest,
but they still got me on
the package, and me means quality.
Plus...
♬ The radiation they emit ♬
♬ is within legal limits ♬
♬ with a battery life up to 30 minutes ♬
♬ ring, ring, hello ♬
♬ ring, ring, hello ♬ (x2)
♬ ring, ring– ♬
[BRYCE]
Hello?
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
Nice to meet you, Bryce.
[BRYCE]
Who the fuck is this
and how did you get my number?
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
How would you like to
take your business to the top?
[BRYCE (OVER PHONE)]
I'm already at the top!
[BRYCE]
My phones are the hottest
ones on the market.
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
They're also the oldest
ones on the market.
[BRYCE]
What's your point, dipshit?
I'm walking through
a FUCKING fountain right now!
[SILHOUETTED PERSON]
I can help you circumnavigate
the treacherous world in retail.
Come here to my office.
My partners and I would
like to meet with you.
[BRYCE]
Thank you for having–
[BOARD MEMBER #4]
We'll start this meeting when we're ready,
thank you very much.
[BOARD MEMBER #7]
Are you sure she's the one?
[BOARD MEMBER #1]
I don't like her attitude.
[HEAD OF THE BOARD]
Of course she's the one, you cocksuckers!
[BRYCE]
Now that depends on who you
sinister bags of shit even are.
[HEAD OF THE BOARD]
We're an angel investment firm.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
[ANGEL INVESTOR #6]
But you can think of us
as a group of angels
who can take your
business to the next level.
[BRYCE]
How do I know you're not just a bunch of
regular grandpas who brought me here
to get fucked?
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
Domestically, we've made billions.
Around the globe, we've even made trillions!
[BRYCE]
That is a shit ton of money in this decade.
[ANGEL INVESTOR #9]
We've worked with countless
models as the face of our empire.
[ANGEL INVESTOR #4]
We believe that you have
the perfect face for moneymaking, Bryce.
[ANGEL INVESTOR #2]
We've hired a team of
scientists to analyze your face
[ANGEL INVESTOR #2]
and have confirmed it has the perfect
structure to disarm the average consumer.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR (OFF-SCREEN)]
And with you on our team, we can break
into the zillions by next quarter.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
And with you on our team, we can break
into the zillions by next quarter.
[BRYCE]
You want me to join your boy's club.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
God, no!
[ANGEL INVESTORS COLLECTIVELY LAUGH]
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
We want half your company.
[BRYCE]
Well, you all have a lovely day,
and I hope you all pass away.
[ANGEL INVESTOR #6]
You'll make more money with us than
if your company stayed private for ten lifetimes.
[ANGEL INVESTOR #8]
Imagine it now: Bryce toothpaste.
To give yourself that executive smile.
[ANGEL INVESTOR #1]
Bryce breakfast cereal.
for the businesswoman's rise and grind.
[BRYCE]
I'll think about it.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
Well, think quickly, sweetheart.
we're very busy men with very little time,
and a woman's looks has a very short shelf life.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
Tempting as the offer was, I was
a bitch who still had options.
[BRYCE KNOCKS ON FREIGHT CONTAINER]
[BRYCE]
Gloria, are you home?
It's Bryce.
From work.
[FREIGHT CONTAINER OPENS]
[GLORIA]
Yeah.
[BRYCE]
There's that lovely ray of sunshine!
[GLORIA]
Hmph.
And there's the gap-toothed
goblin who ruined my life.
[BRYCE]
Uh, your teeth have a gap too, Gloria.
[GLORIA]
And yours is bigger.
[BRYCE]
That's debatable.
Look, the 90s are upon us, and this beautiful mug
can only sell these clunkers for so long.
I need someone to help build
me a more modern phone.
[GLORIA]
Why? You weaponized the last thing
I built for ya.
[BRYCE]
I'll pay you a hell of a lot
more than Hornborn ever could.
And I know you need the money, Gloria.
Look at this shitty house.
Look at your shitty fuckin' kid.
[SIMIAN]
mother says i am perfectly healthy
mother says i am perfectly healthy healthy
[SIMIAN]
mother says i am perfectly healthy healthy health
[SIMIAN MALFUNCTIONS BEYOND HUMAN COMPREHENSION]
[SIMIAN'S HEAD FALLS, AND SLOWLY SHUTS DOWN]
[GLORIA]
Let me tell you the same thing I told the doctor:
"I'd rather die."
Now, put yourself out on the sidewalk.
Trash pickup's tomorrow.
[CINDY (OFF-SCREEN)]
Hey! You sound like you're next door!
[CINDY (ON TV)]
I'm in space, bitchin'!
And that's because of its antenna technology.
[CINDY (ON TV)]
Don't ask me how it works.
I don't have a fucking clue!
[BRYCE]
All right, boys.
You twisted my titties and I'm in.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
Good to see you finally coming
to your senses, Ms. Tankthrust.
[RC CAR HITS BRYCE'S FOOT]
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
Now just sign this contract,
and we'll be on our way to making you
the most recognized face in retail.
[PRESENT-DAY BRYCE]
Little did I know, I was
signing over half my company
[PRESENT-DAY BRYCE]
to a group of demons
dressed in angel's clothing.
[ANGEL INVESTORS APPLAUD]
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
And that was just the beginning.
"It's Bryce cream!"
!"Bryce wine!"
!"Brine!"
(While redundant in English, the subtitles of the previous two/three
lines serve as timing guidelines for future translations. -Erymanthus)
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
With every product I endorsed, I lost
a piece of my heart and soul with it.
(The positon and line parameters are necessary to avoid
obscuring text from the Bryce Keychain commercial in the original video. -Erymanthus)
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
With every product I endorsed, I lost
a piece of my heart and soul with it.
"My weight loss program will get
your body skinny and my wallet packed up fat!"
(Not fully confident on what Bryce was saying above. This was the closest
approximation I could make given the time constraints. -Erymanthus)
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
But my health never mattered
so long as the angels were smiling.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
The numbers are looking great, Brycey!
Keep it up!
[BRYCE]
I think it's time I had a bigger house.
BINGO.
[BRYCE PAINTING FALLS ON FLOOR]
[BRYCE]
Hey, watch it! That is worth
more than your bloodline!
[BRYCE (TO PHONE)]
No, not you, Donovan.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
I became consumed with
power, as I should have.
[BRYCE]
I want a bigger office.
bingo.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
The more money I made,
the less feelings I felt.
And it was wonderful.
"Is that a Bryce doll for
power-hungry little girls like me?"
(The positon and line parameters are necessary to avoid
obscuring text from the Bryce Doll commercial in the original video. -Erymanthus)
"Is that a Bryce doll for
power-hungry little girls like me?"
"Hello, America!"
"I've done everything I want to do in my life, and with
my new book 50 Steps to Instant Success, so can you!"
[BOBBY]
My sweet piece of hogshit, the prison called.
They want you down there immediately.
[BRYCE]
Fuck me!
I thought I had more time
before the embezzling caught up.
[BOBBY]
No it– it's your mother.
[BRYCE]
Oh, she's dead.
[BOBBY]
No, even worse—she's free now.
[BRYCE]
That's not right. She's not supposed
to get out of jail 'till the mid 90s.
[BOBBY]
That's now, sweetheart.
[BRYCE]
Shit.
[MUSIC: THE ANIMALS - HOUSE OF THE RISING SUN]
[MUSIC: HOUSE OF THE RISING SUN]
My mother was a tailor
She sewed my new blue jeans
[MUSIC: HOUSE OF THE RISING SUN]
My father was a gamblin' man
Down in New Orleans
[TAMMY]
Alright, okay, I can deal with this.
Now listen, I insist I will not
take that master bedroom,
even though you know
I have a very bad back.
[THUD]
[TAMMY]
The HELL is this?!
[BRYCE]
Twenty thousand dollars.
You can take that money and...
...kindly fuck off.
[TAMMY]
Well, you sound just like your mother.
[BRYCE]
I am NOTHING like you, mother.
And God help me if I EVER come close.
[TAMMY SOBS]
[TAMMY (SOBBING)]
Well...
then...
[TAMMY (SOBBING)]
Goodbye, Brycey.
What have you become?
[BRYCE]
Anyways, as the years progressed,
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
I wound up making clones of a baby
I stole so I could harvest hearts epically.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
But when I was thwarted, I took it out
on the country by running for president.
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
After my term, I defeated Queen Elizabeth and
married one of the world's worst terrorists.
[BRYCE]
And it all leads right back here to
you senile shitstains thinking that some
PUSSY
PULLED ALL THAT OFF!
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
We don't give two fucks about your shitty backstory!
[ANGEL INVESTOR #6]
We're terminating your contract, Bryce.
You have lost the heartless quality we loved when we met you.
[BRYCE]
A— YOU CAN'T DO THAT!
[ANGEL INVESTOR #6]
Yes, we can.
[BRYCE]
'Kay, but I don't WANT you to.
I have been an upstanding
pillar of this fuckin' thing
for about, what, three decades now?
[PHONE RINGS FROM RECIEVED TEXT MESSAGES]
[BOBBY]
Hi! Hi, hi, 'scuse me, I– I need to um...
...destroy your restroom. Where is it?
[FLORENCE]
Well, NOW I'm not telling you!
[BOBBY]
Well, I'm gonna destroy
SOMETHING that holds matter!
[FLORENCE]
SECURITY!
STOP THAT PERVERT!
[FLORENCE]
And shame his kink!
[BOBBY CACKLES]
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR (OFF-SCREEN)]
Your heart is causing you to make
some terrible decisions, Bryce.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
I heard you bought eleven prisons.
[BRYCE]
I don't see the problem.
Prisons are hot.
That's why they're in so many pornos.
[FLORENCE]
Sir?
Sir, can I help–
[FLORENCE]
Sir, you CANNOT go in there!
[DONOVAN]
Then call security.
[FLORENCE]
SHIT!
I used them both on that pervert.
[BOBBY]
What, did you get lost?
[TAMMY]
What? I needed Taco Bell.
[BOBBY]
ARGH! It's fuckin' showtime, woman.
Did you bring what we asked?
Holy shit.
[TAMMY]
Isn't it beautiful?
[BOBBY]
Yeah, of course it's beautiful. Let's go.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
We have no choice but to terminate you, Bryce.
We're sorry to see you go.
[BRYCE]
What the hell is this?
I did NOT order any twinks.
Okay, whatever kink THIS is, I'm shaming it.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
You didn't read your contract, did you?
We've already bribed the media
for a cover-up story.
[SYNTHESIZED VOICE]
CEO Bryce Tankthrust tragically
took her own life yesterday,
[SYNTHESIZED VOICE]
when she shot herself 65 times
in the legs, butt, boobs, and brain.
[SYNTHESIZED VOICE (OFF-SCREEN)]
A tragic loss in the corporate community.
[BOBBY]
GO, GO, GO!
[BRYCE (OFF-SCREEN)]
If you fuckers lay a finger
on Bobby, I swear to God...
[BRYCE]
If you fuckers lay a finger
on Bobby, I swear to God...
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
His life will be spared, but it's
time for you to accept YOUR fate.
[BOBBY GRUNTS]
[BOBBY (TO HIMSELF)]
I'm the worst!
[BOBBY CACKLES]
[BRYCE]
Why don't you do it to my face?
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
What?
[BRYCE]
If you're gonna kill me,
then get the fuck out here for once
and kill me to my face.
We've been partners for three goddamn decades.
The least you could do is that.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
Bryce.
[BRYCE]
Miss Tankthrust.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
We appreciate your many years with the firm.
But now, we're gonna have to let you go.
[ANGEL INVESTOR #1]
Hold on.
What the hell is that?
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
SHIT, SHE'S GASSING THE ROOM!
[ANGEL INVESTORS SCREAM + SCRAMBLE FOR EXIT]
[BRYCE CACKLES]
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
WHAT DID YOU DO, YOU BITCH?!
[BRYCE]
That's potassium chloride, motherfucker.
Stops the heart from beating, which for you
old bags of shit could've happened tomorrow.
[GUN FAILS TO FIRE]
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
YOU BITCH!
[BRYCE GROANS]
[ANGEL INVESTORS BEG TO "OPEN THE DOOR" IN VAIN]
[DONOVAN GETS ELECTROCUTED]
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
DIE
DIE, YOU
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
DIE, YOU WHORE!
DIE, YOU WHORE! FUCK!
[FLORENCE]
Now...
Let's see how indestructible you REALLY are.
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
GOD
GOD DAMN
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
GOD DAMN BITCH!
[BRYCE ROBOTICALLY LAUGHS]
[BRYCE (...?)]
DUMMY!
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
HOW?!?
[BRYCE]
Because...
[BRYCE (HUMAN)]
[GLORIA]
Four tits is better than two,
you filthy penis haver!
[FLORENCE]
Was it really worth dying for her?
[DONOVAN]
My sacrifice would mean...
...her salvation.
[BRYCE]
I've said a lot of things
to get me where I am now,
but nothing's helped me more
than these two solid American words:
[BRYCE (FLASHBACK, TO GLORIA)]
"I'm sorry."
[BRYCE (FLASHBACK, TO TAMMY)]
[BRYCE (FLASHBACK)]
I'm sorry we didn't
make a better team, Mom.
[BRYCE (FLASHBACK)]
I'm sorry for betraying you.
Truth is, I am who I am because of you.
[BRYCE (FLASHBACK)]
And I am sorry for not recognizing
the presence of another bad bitch
[BRYCE (FLASHBACK)]
who's been staring me
in the face all these years.
[BRYCE]
I did not get to where I am
by stepping over others.
[TAMMY (OFF-SCREEN)]
Listen up, ladies.
[TAMMY]
Those piles of shit can
destroy us at any moment.
We need a contingency plan!
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
In fact, my entire contingency plan has been
one Triple Diva Diversion this entire time,
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
you
you stupid
[BRYCE]
you stupid cuck!
[ROBOT BRYCE RAISES HEAD]
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
FUCK YOU
FUCK YOU, BRYCE
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR]
FUCK YOU, BRYCE TANK
FUCK YOU, BRYCE TANKTHRUST!
[HEAD ANGEL INVESTOR COLLAPSES]
[OTHER ANGEL INVESTORS ALSO COLLAPSE]
[BRYCE]
Y'know, Gloria, I asked you to build me a sex bot.
Instead, you built something that
understood me more than anyone I ever knew.
[FLORENCE (OFF-SCREEN)]
No one understands you, bitch.
[GLORIA]
That's right, I'm killing people too!
BEGIN line:0.25% POSITIONING.
FULLY INTENTIONAL TO AVOID OVERLAPPING WITH THE
'NEWS 2 ME' BANNER AT THE BOTTOM DURING THIS SCENE. -Erymanthus
[IRIS]
Wow, so you said they ALL died of a heart attack?
[BRYCE]
Yep, al– all at the same time, can you believe that?
[IRIS]
And you said that they left
EVERYTHING
[IRIS]
EVERYTHING to you?
[IRIS (LAUGHING)]
[BRYCE]
They did, including their bodies, which will
be blasting off into outer space next week!
[IRIS]
So what is next for Bryce Tankthrust?
Where the FUCK do you go
from here, you little skank?
[BRYCE]
Well, I think I've been through a lot, haven't I?
So I think it's time I go through a little.
I'm gonna take some time off,
dear, with those closest to me.
END line:0.25% POSITIONING.
SEE PREVIOUS NOTE FOR JUSTIFICATION. -Erymanthus
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
'Cause at the end of the day,
everyone else, really, just...
[BRYCE (V.O.)]
can frankly go die.
[BOBBY]
Y'know, not everyone can say
they're married to a killer,
[BOBBY (V.O.)]
a leader,
a fighter,
[BOBBY (V.O.)]
and a lover.
[BOBBY]
So tell me, what's the view like at the top?
[BRYCE]
If there's one thing I've learned,
there is no such thing as the top.
[BRYCE]
When you reach the peak of a mountain,
it only gives you a better view of
the taller ones waiting to be climbed.
[MULTIPLE DONOVANS (IN UNISON)]
Donovan reporting for duty.
--  --
[TAMMY]
"The HELL is this?!"
[BRYCE]
Well, I'm bored.
[GLORIA]
You're not gonna stay
for the end of credits?
[BRYCE (OFF-SCREEN)]
It's not a movie!
[TV30 JINGLE]
BRYCE: EPISODE THREE | A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL TRANSCRIPT AUTOGENERATED BY YOUTUBE
SYNCING, ADJUSTMENTS, PUNCTUATION BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX (https://github.com/raydeeux)
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
SUBTITLES EDITED USING VISUAL STUDIO CODE AND ZARCHIVER
SUBTITLES TESTED ON VLC MEDIA PLAYER FOR WINDOWS 10, MACOS VENTURA, MACOS SONOMA, AND ANDROID 13
SUBTITLES ALSO TESTED ON IINA FOR MACOS VENTURA
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/IufIqrkd4Fs
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/